[junit-reporter] Add option to include nodejs console log in junit report (#13526)
webdriverio/webdriverio: packages/wdio-junit-reporter/README.md

};
```

### addConsoleLogs

> Optional parameter (`false` by default), set this parameter to true in order to attach console logs from step to the reporter.

Reviewer: This is already mentioned a bit further down
```suggestion
Optional parameter, set this parameter to true in order to attach console logs from the test in the reporter.
```
